hello it's Ruby and today I have got a
be productive with me video to share
with you so this was on a Sunday where
we were seeing some family friends and
so I was basically just trying to get
the things done that I needed to get
done in between so as soon as I woke up
I put my hair into these plats because
we were going to a water park thing
later on and I've didn't I had to get
tangley good morning it's Ruby and today
I'm going to be doing a productive
morning in my life my family and I got
back from a holiday yesterday well
technically this morning a half midnight
I slept in this morning I didn't get any
sleep in the car last night and I was
really exhausted - for some reason I
slept in I wake up at 9:30 this morning
I'm just gonna basically get some stuff
done I am feeling very motivated and I
want to have some things done but I can
only do one morning in my life because
this afternoon I'm going to liquid
leisure with some family friend without
camping crew and we're going at 2 and
our sessions or our sessions from 2:00
to 3:00 I don't even know how much we've
got in because he only just got back but
I think I'm gonna have some toast
because I believe that we got some bread
[Music]
so as I said for breakfast I decided to
have some toast and because it's now
autumn I decided to make myself some
peanut butter and pumpkin on toast this
is such an amazing combination
especially if you sprinkle some cinnamon
on top
then after that I had two letters that I
wanted to write so the first one was to
a teacher and then the second one was to
my friend Madison who lives in America
[Music]
okay I just wanted to quickly show you a
little set of goodies that I've just
come through so these are from Abbey
from British but cruder on instagram I
love her account honestly it's my
favorite books to Gram accounts so she
sent me a really lovely letter and then
Jesus so gorgeous so she sent me to
bookmarks so basically she has a book
themed art shop on Etsy and her things
are amazing she's so talented and she
sent me these two bookmarks and then she
sent me some of these Harry Potter page
arts this one I've seen so many times I
thought Instagram is the most stunning
thing
then there's this ravenclaw Wong she
knows I'm a Ravenclaw these two ones of
Hogwarts so this is all courts in the
snow and then this is Hogwarts at kind
of Twilight so this is basically the
first time that they see Hogwarts and
the little fleet of boats moved off all
at once gliding across the lake which
was a smooth as glass everyone was
silent staring up at the great castle
ahead believing very very soon I've just
packed my bag for liquid Naja and like
in the pack took pretty Unni to-do list
I think I'm gonna start on that one I
wrote it so here I was basically just
writing a to-do list of everything I
wanted to get done before I left for
university because this is basically
with a week's countdown until I leave
and there was still so much I needed to
get done so I just put everything onto a
to-do list so the next thing is going to
seem like something very small but it's
very important that I do this because
there is a good price at the moment some
of you might have seen on my own the
Harry Potter Illustrated editions that
illustrated by Jim Kay and they were
releasing one every year but the Goblet
of Fire has taken two years to release
they've just got the most illustrations
and the Goblet of Fire one comes out on
October 8th I've been here ages and I am
going to pre-order it because at the
moment it's 21
pounds and usually it's 32 so I know I'm
definitely going to buy it as soon as it
comes out so I might as well preorder it
I'm so excited for this one to come out
literally this time next month it will
be out which I'm so happy about this is
sad item ok next things next I am going
to just put away the clothes put the
clothes in the wash that from holiday so
here I was basically just putting
everything in the wash that I brought
away and that was dirty as you can see
our laundry basket is hugely keeping up
ok we are now going to be leaving very
very shortly so I am NOT going to get
anything else done today unfortunately
but I might get some things done when we
get back it just depends or not actually
sure what our plans are
I am now back from liquid leisure it was
a really good fun
it's currently I think it's about 5:30
yes 534 and we are going to meet back up
with Felicity and barity at I think 7:00
we're gonna watch Harry Potter and the
order of the Phoenix this evening we
might get to take my Curry we're not
sure in the meantime because I already
had some homework to do I'm going to
just crack on with some things so the
first thing about you gonna do is as a
youtuber here I went to lunch say I'm
gonna watch that and then I'm going to
work on a master class on conservation
that I'm doing which I'm really enjoying
so as I said I was working on this
master class so this is one on
conservation by Jane Goodall and it's
amazing I cannot recommend it enough I
was basically just jotting down my
thoughts and some key notes from the
lectures that she was giving and as you
can see I am checking my phone quite
periodically because I was just securing
details with Felicity on Verity because
they were coming over later that evening
so that's why I keep on looking at my
phone after this my parents and I got
curried together we had a takeaway and
we just sat down and caught up and after
that Felicity embarrass he got here and
we watched Harry Potter and the order of
the Phoenix and it was so cozy and so
Ottoman all and I didn't film it because
I wasn't intending to do a whole day of
my life video just kind of turned into
that so I'm really sorry okay as you can
see it's no lot later we had a curry
listing Berridge came round and we
watched Harry Potter and the order of
the Phoenix and they laughed at my mom
and I finished the episode of the crown
that we'd started before we went away I
think is like quarter to town and I'm
just going to fill in my daily cleanness
journal entry actually I say daily
I haven't actually filled it since it
went away so today's entry is going to
basically be reflecting on the whole of
our trip so the actual journal isn't
tailored towards daily use if you don't
want to use it day you could use it
weekly so this is going to be the first
entry I do which isn't
daily so how I am just filling out my
kindness journal I was just filling out
the journal prompt so
which basically just ask questions about
kindness and help me to reflect upon how
kind I've been and how I can be more
kind and then I also was just reflecting
on how my mood was maybe affecting how
kind I was because I think it's an
important thing to be hyper aware of and
self aware of and then I just take the
things that I had completed of my daily
study planner to-do list I am now going
to unbox my new camera I've been meaning
to get a new camera for about a year now
because I've been filming entirely on my
vlogging camera and even though it's a
good camera I've been really looking for
a camera where I can experiment a little
bit more with cinematography and so I
got the Canon and fifty and it's what it
is it's 4k camera it's really quite
affordable it's about five hundred
pounds which is quite good for a 4k
camera it's one of the cheapest high
quality cameras you can get honestly it
was the most exciting thing unboxing
this camera I have been meaning to get
this camera for months and months and
months done so much research and I'm so
excited that I finally have it I can't
wait to start filming with it but thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope you enjoyed
you have be productively
you
[Music]